Preferovat jednodušší způsob jak přidat informace o Pyvu (#16)
pyvec/jechova: README.md

```bash
$ export SLACK_API_TOKEN=...
$ python jechova.py '#pyvo-praha' praha-pyvo
```

First argument is a channel name where the message should go. Beware, if you specify it as `#pyvo-praha`, standard shell interprets the `#` as a start of a comment and will ignore the rest of the line. You must pass it either as `pyvo-praha` or as `'#pyvo-praha'` (both works).

> Second argument is the meetup slug used in URLs for calendars and meetups, such as `praha-pyvo`.

Reviewer: Napadlo mě, že toto by mohlo být víc friendly. Kromě insiders podle mě málokdo ví, že na pyvo.cz jsou vůbec nějaké kalendáře, a když už je to teď jen slug, dalo by se to možná napsat takto zjednodušeně:

```suggestion
Second argument is the meetup slug used in the meetup URL. For example, if the meetup URL is `https://pyvo.cz/praha-pyvo/`, the slug would be `praha-pyvo`.
```

```bash
$ export SLACK_API_TOKEN=...
$ python jechova.py '#pyvo-praha' praha-pyvo
```

First argument is a channel name where the message should go. Beware, if you specify it as `#pyvo-praha`, standard shell interprets the `#` as a start of a comment and will ignore the rest of the line. You must pass it either as `pyvo-praha` or as `'#pyvo-praha'` (both works).

Second argument is the meetup slug used in URLs for calendars and meetups, such as `praha-pyvo`.

> (Deprecated: it can also be the URL for the ics feed; the message won't be as nice if you use that.).

Reviewer: Nechal bych jen ten nový způsob. Počet přidaných poznámek a ifů podle mě v tomto případě nestojí za zpětnou kompatibilitu. Používá se to zřejmě v jediném souboru, a ten je ještě přímo tady v repozitáři.
